I have no welcome back to do the video I
hope you really good today I'm going to
do a why in a day I'm just gonna bring
you along with her out my day I
absolutely love doing these videos and
I've just got back I've been away for
two weeks
I didn't pre films and stuff if you
wonder in like wait this guy throws
threw away what see I'm absolutely
starving I've actually tried
intermittent fasting for the past few
days I've just been going to the gym
fasted and really enjoyed actually just
trying it out for now because I'm the
sort of person that like the first thing
I think about the night before is what
my breakfast but I have noticed my
performance in the gym in the morning
off your girl is literally been lifting
heavy felt a lot better in my workouts
for rolling with it for now and B I'll
talk a bit more about that later
first things first I've been to do this
morning I will show you my workout after
breakfast yeah I'm gonna make some
protein pancakes today so you only need
like a few ingredients to this if the 75
grams of burgers two large eggs a banana
I've only got frozen bananas in so but I
would recommend using like a normal on
the frozen banana a little bit of
cinnamon but yeah it's really quick and
easy watch a few my other videos by now
you'll know that I opted these vanilla
drops to absolutely everything and the
zero sugar zero everything
[Music]
for a start blending I'm just going to
pull a little bit of course just tried
some of the moisture and its really nice
like sometimes I actually prefer the
mixture to the cooked thing when it
comes to baking as well it's like one
sensor you can get about five pancakes
out of it but we make more or less when
I start seeing little dots back when I
Philly here's my little creation and
then I'm just going to pop or my
toppings eyes I'm going for some maple
sugar free syrup some powdered peanut
butter and honey
[Music]
I mean I don't like to blow my own
trumpet but I'm so happy these turned
out well you know sometimes when you
like plan our thinking or you opt when I
film this my pancakes won't turn out as
good like it's always when you least
need them to be good you know it's a if
you've got people over and me know just
got my black coffee as well which
remember to drink through a straw
protects your teeth they see like a
metal struggle so I just thought I'd
have a little I should I just have a
little sit down I feel like I haven't
liked to you or I caught up with you
since I've been away and everything my
toe you know I had a broken toe he's
pretty much like better now like I think
we're almost there I can walk properly
again I'm doing everything in the gym
back to normal which is the best thing
ever
it just came at a time where like I just
thought oh just don't need this right
now you know and you've just got back on
track like in terms of like I've just
started like smashing my workouts and
just feeling more in myself and then
that came up knowing I was off god say
it I was really worried that was going
to set me back but I didn't like overdo
it I just did other stuff which I
mentioned in another like vlogs style
video this week I actually start on
murakhtin if you follow me for a while
you probably know I've suffered with
acne for like so long now that as long
as I can remember had a lot of time to
think about going on it look it's really
extreme medication and it's gonna change
a lot of stuff and my skin's gonna be a
lot drier but I'm super excited to start
so if you would like to hear more about
like my journey on that then just let me
know in the comments because I know it's
really common like some people suffer
with acne and we have to make much more
an effort like to stay hydrated and
everything in my skin I'm not
recommending for anyone else to go and
relaxing because it is really extreme
and
not to be taken like lightly but I've
tried absolutely everything and that is
the last resort now so hopefully that's
gonna sort me out I had my brows
laminated the other day I'm absolutely
loving them again that's something I'm
not going to be able to have done but
I'm on a team which I'm gonna read so
I'm gonna miss it so much but so in
terms of our diet I don't know what
intermittent fasting is it's why are you
fast for 14 to 16 hours and restricting
your daily eating window like eight to
ten hour there are some people as well
like if you're watching they should
probably might not even like breakfast
might not be your favorite meal of the
day so you might unintentionally fast
anyway and but yeah it just suits more
people more so than others words like
some of my friends and everything I
mention it to they've been like oh my
god hell no I need that breakfast like I
need my breakfast berth thing or I'm not
a function so it's just like whatever
seats you what my little routine is I
get up have a coffee I have a black
coffee and there's no like calories or
anything so that doesn't break your fast
atomic sense but obviously if you add
milk to coffee that breaks it head to
the gym and then I usually break my fast
about 12 and that's when I have my first
meal and I have just as many meals it's
not like I'm not having breakfast I have
like three four meals a day and then
snacks in between as well but I'm just
trying it alone it's I'll definitely I'm
gonna keep you updated and let you know
how I get on with that in terms of like
my goals at the moment I'm trying to cut
down on a little bit of body fat
so I'm in a slight deficit I'm not doing
any like extreme cardio or anything
crazy taking me a long time to get to
this point where I feel like I know
everybody quite well I know what like my
body responds to you like foods that I
hope respond as well to out on and
whilst I was away like when I go away
not gonna say too much but my stomach
just I've really struggled
[Music]
[Applause]
that naughty little Fleur look Oh what
got a car in the act as well she goes Oh
off she goes into the bush this is what
she disappears and scares the life out
of me
oh I need to order a toaster I keep
forgetting it but I'm just gonna pop
this in the oven too
[Music]
so I have to put my dressing gown on top
of clothes it's really cold step but
I've had beaten on it it's lit she not
warm enough in here so I'm going to eat
this for my lunch right now before a
little walk
so I've just loaded Piniella into the
car and I'm driving today like this like
would place which is quite close by I'm
just sure that how much is taken of that
there's like deers and everything and
you can what you talk through they can't
let them off but yeah it's really so I'm
going to take have there anything lived
in in a year and I still need to follow
a navigation butt off and fill the car
up
I got a Dr Pepper zero I am really
obsessed with these so I just got to
this little park it's so cute here the
Sun is setting so I'm gonna have to be
quick I love how it's like it's 10 past
5:00 now and it's still really bright
which is amazing so as I was driving
then I'll just reflect here just
thinking like literally if I'd have told
my like younger self three years ago
that I'd like have my little dog be
really happy be traveling and I don't
know just like where I currently am in
terms of like my happiness oh I just
don't even know what I'd have thought
like it'd have been hard to imagine and
I'm a really low point I was living in
London I was unhappy and I felt like I
was just I kept moving like meeting
places I moved to my brayer in Spain
just was doing always random stuff and I
wasn't I was never in that one spot like
I moved roll all around and in in the
spirit in this bloke over two years
different areas I moved uni as well
transferred Union I just couldn't find
my happiness and I think for a long time
I was looking for it in like maybe a
place when ultimately it was just within
myself but and it's taken me a lot of
time not to realize that don't let
anyone ever tell you you can't do
something or you can't achieve something
you can't be a certain someone literally
anything I was told so many times like
in different aspects of my life by
different people that I couldn't do
something or when I was working in a job
couldn't do this so I'll kind of do that
when it's absolute you put a
plan in action right some like steps how
are you going to achieve that break it
right down like right down to basics and
just start day by day building up
building up and you can achieve
literally anything no I didn't mean to
get so deep I just wanted to just put
that out there
accept me like if that could help one
person here in there anyway I'm gonna
get on the dog walk before it gets
but the sky is like really nice pink
color it is both too so combed out here
it's quite nice it is crisp you know Oh
now if you seen the first goose just got
back home from my little dog walk and
I'm gonna make some dinner now I've
managed to find some light stuff in the
fridge because we ate pretty empty
actually I found like some fajita like I
need to kick some dice chicky and I
shall rip on all this
I have no onions in which is a bit
annoying that I feel out you cut off
features without onions but we're gonna
reduce I've got diced chicken breasts so
I'm gonna put pepper in some spinach and
mushrooms and then some of these texts
go for heater seasoning and put some
tortilla wraps them
[Music]
I don't know about anyone else but
whenever I cook the heaters I just
always think back to like uni days I
feel like it was the only thing I could
ever cook and not if I ever had anyone
over or like over to stay like it was
always like the go-to just such shout
isn't it like cheese Mayo you know the
drill I've never met anyone who doesn't
like Peters so let me know in the
comments if it was just me he used to
always just live off the heaters or what
in for my fajitas to cook I'm going to
[Music]
that is all cooked how much
welcome home for my dinner I put like a
wooden thing in it to hold it all
together something show you but yeah
really really nice and I filled that
very full
[Music]
that brings us to the end of this video
I'm gonna leave a link to my fitness
guys and everything it down below
definitely check those out and I really
hope you enjoyed this video if you
haven't already don't forget to
subscribe join the fam so you don't miss
another video and I would love to see
you in the next video bye guys